Slugging.
So let's get a quick overview about do in your lab that I created and do step that we need to do to
start our audience would love it and discover more futures on the VM where despair 6.5.
So as I told you I created the center their work I create the center kind of Morocco and I treat Isak's
I hauls in this that the center to start managing them and practice on them and you see we have three
that thought this is the local store of eche of those ethics.
I I one have that one in six.
I do have that one and E-6 Atri you have to do that astore number two.
The next step is do up a knew that I should add that I store or external storage as I convert it into
Preview calls and stiction.
But I will repeat the steps quickly not as much as I did into your course but just a quick overview
like our refresh do start in the right way for our next sections.
So then if we back to the E6 I number one I make some network integration to work perfectly.
And this is like Indurain environment.
It is always will start configuring the network perfectly to work without any problem for the next few
years.
So we got you coffee and let's get a quicker view about seating.
And if you've got a physical adapter you will see that I have eight network adapter in this house.
I created this yes I want with a network adapter.
Its like in an environment if you have a physical host we have eight or 10 or 20 network adapter or
physical adapter.
Its the same.
But for my love I chose to get at least 8 network adapter and you will see why we needed to create our
safe environment for our love.
And of course in the same as in the rate environment do have a safe environment.
You need at least eight network adapter of course six or four.
Its good.
But my idea here is to sit tight ish service for a separate network adapter and I chose to network adapter
for a service to have redundancy.
If you remember we always get an alarmist was that this service used by one physical network adapter
those not have redundancy that's mean if something wrong happened to this network adapter this musical
adapter do service will last Edes function.
So they always wanted to have at least two network adapter for each of those surveys.
For example the height of ability the motion etc..
So I create ish Isak's I host with at least eight network adapter.
And then I separate them for different service.
So if you box to video switch and we click on the videos which we have in this host is X I number one
you see here that we have eight physical adapter and there we see that we have a service we have a do
management network.
If we click on Nate I give it the address number 10.
If you remember this is the IP address that we created with the VM Cornelis 0.
If we address 1 9 2 8 1 6 8 to 1 but 10 and this is the one that we use to connect to the house E6 I
want this VM kernel or the management network use to network adapter.
The first one and the second one thats me.
If something wrong happened to this physical adapter I still have a connection to this host draw with
SIGINT physical adapter and of course if you have more physical other it is always how common it is
more than two for example four or five is in the region about how much physical adapter available in
your server or in your hosts.
But this is the most Rock'em on the minimum recommendation is to get to network adapter.
Of course the requirement is at least one recommendation minimum recommendation is do more physical.
Laughter is always good for the VM network.
Thats me in the virtual machine in this host will do the a miniature adapter number four and number
five.
That's mean to physical adapter.
I mean all those virtual machine in this house will connect to the network through two physical adapter.
Then I create our mother the kernel for the Wii motion.
I chose this one for the Wii motion and they give it back address one like thats 110 just separated
from other the internet.
E.P. I chose number 10 and I am the one that's mean if you see the VM.
It other is 110.
That's me this is for the host number 10.
And for example the hot number 20 I chose one 20 then fill the holes in them but three I chose one 13
etc. just on if B that I chose.
Thats helped me easy to remember which parts I use and wish VM Cairney ease for weesh costs in our environment.
So then we shouldnt also give it to come into work and after the Imake to make the so this is for the
motion.